---
title:      Atlanta.  Murder capital of the world.
layout:     post
date:       2015-10-08 18:00:00
categories: roadtrip journey atlanta
---

## Adventures
Atlanta wasn't quite part of the plan, but since we left Athens a day earlier than expected, we figured we would say hi to **Jamie** over lunch, and then take off to New Orleans.  That lunch ended up being a lot of eating / drinking, and exploring the city, and then hitting the road the next day.

She took us to a great beer place that had knowledge people and a finely curated selection of beer that could be purchased in thermos-style growlers.  They clearly are thinking along the right lines of what a beer drinker wants (or needs, depending on the dependence level).  <span style="color:red;">link needed</span>

The most memorable part of this stop was having a bunch of hooligans on unlicensed dirt-bikes and ATV's driving along a quieter section of a big street along the train tracks, with no lights on.  They drove past us, and a cop, and for some reason no one [including that cop] did nothing about it (but I mean, what could they do?).  I kept some distance given it was somewhat probable that they all had Uzi's ready to be drawn and aimed in our general direction in a matter of seconds.  All of a sudden this cop came out of some side street, clearly on purpose, and nailed one of the ATV's and possibly clipped a dirt-bike or two.  The entire gang rushed to turn around and those without transportation anymore hopped on the backs of other bikes that were sitting there waiting for them.  

They stood there waiting to see what happened, and if any more cops were going to come out from behind the bushes or other streets, and to see if their buddies were okay.  At this point the entire road was blocked, so what other choice did we have but to turn around as fast as possible, narrowly avoiding the waiting Uzi-packing bikers, and get the fuck out of there.  And so that's what we did, unfortunately putting us in a section of town where people were walking in the middle of the streets due to a hip-hop festival, so some clever maneuvering was needed.

## Living

| Pros | Cons |
| ---- | ---- |
| Can't think of any. |  The entire city. |


## What to do
* Get shot
* Go to the top of the Weston and sit on the rotating bar that shows you the city as you drink
